Added Machine ID guide for database access from custom apps (#13226)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/machine-id/reference/configuration.mdx

    # CA Pins used to validate the identity of the Teleport Auth Server on first connect.
    ca_pins:

>         - "sha256:1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - "(=presets.ca_pin=)"
```

>         - "sha256:2222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - "(=presets.ca_pin=)"
```

    # are stored.
    - directory:
          # Configure the path at which to store certificates and other
          # artifacts.
          path: /opt/machine-id

          # Configure symlink attack prevention. Requires Linux 5.6+.
          # Possible values:
          #   * try-secure (default): Attempt to securely read and write certificates
          #     without symlinks, but fall back (with a warning) to insecure read
          #     and write if the host doesn't support this.
          #   * secure: Attempt to securely read and write certificates, with a hard error
          #     if unsupported.
          #   * insecure: Quietly allow symlinks in paths.
          symlinks: try-secure
        
          # Configure ACL use. Requires Linux with a file system that supports ACLs.
          # Possible values:
          #   * try (default on Linux): Attempt to use ACLs, warn at runtime if ACLs
          #     are configured but invalid.
          #   * off (default on non-Linux): Do not attempt to use ACLs.
          #   * required: Always use ACLs, produce a hard error at runtime if ACLs
          #     are invalid.
          acls: try
        

>       # One of more roles to grant to the bot. It must have been granted (at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # One or more roles to grant to the bot. The bot must have been granted (at
```

>       # least) these roles with `tctl bots add --roles=...`

Reviewer: Maybe use a different word for the second instance of "grant"? A reader might ask, if these roles have already been granted to the bot via `tctl bots add`, why we would also need to grant them here.

>       # By default, all possible roles are included.

Reviewer: Does this mean that any roles added via `tctl bots add -- roles=` will be granted automatically?

Author: Yes, unless otherwise specified. I'll rephrase to make this more clear.

>       # Subset of roles allowed during creation via `tctl bots add --roles=...`. Can

Reviewer: This looks like a repetition (with different phrasing) of the description above.

Author: Yup, that's a typo, I'll remove one.

      # be used to write short-lived certificates with different roles to
      # different directories.
      roles: [a, b, c]

>       # An optional database request. The database must exist, and 

Reviewer: Looks like this sentence is unfinished.

          service: example-server

          # The database user to connect as.
          username: alice

          # The database on the database server to use.
          database: example
        
      # A list of configuration templates to generate and write to this
      # destination.
      configs:
          # ssh_client generates known_hosts and an ssh_config that can be
          # included.
          - ssh_client

          # The `mongo` template outputs specially-formatted certificates for
          # MongoDB.
          - mongo

          # The `cockroach` template generates specially-named certificates
          # for use with CockroachDB.
          - cockroach

          # The `tls` template generates tls.key, tls.crt, and tls.cas for apps
          # with file naming requirements. The always-present `tlscert` is
          # usually sufficient for most apps.
          - tls
```

If no configuration file is provided, a simple configuration is used based
entirely on provided CLI flags. Given the following sample CLI from
`tctl bots add ...`:

```code
$ tbot start \
   --destination-dir=./tbot-user \
   --token=00000000000000000000000000000000 \

>    --ca-pin=sha256:1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   --ca-pin=(=presets.ca_pin=) \
```

   --auth-server=auth.example.com:3025
```

... it uses a configuration equivalent to the following:

```yaml
auth_server: auth.example.com:3025

onboarding:
    join_method: "token"

>     token: "00000000000000000000000000000000"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    token: "(=presets.tokens.first=)"
```

    ca_pins:

>         - "sha256:1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - "(=presets.ca_pin=)"
```
